## How to make a human being?

### Project Description: 

For this project, we decided to go with the tutorial, “how to” prompt but make the video related to making something unrealistic/unachievable. Therefore, our video walked the viewer through a “How to make a human being?” tutorial. Since our concept was more abstract that is disguised as something more conventional, we decided to have both real, physical components as well as animated parts and combine those in the videos. 
 
### Process:
The main color scheme of the website mimics the color of the human skin. We aim for a minimalistic, clean website to attract viewers. The font also represents a clean but funky characteristic of the website. The design is pretty simple for people to focus on viewing the videos. 

For the website, we had three main, encompassing videos, one for each step, and therefore, our website design wanted to emphasize that. The page with the videos has three sections, one portraying each step. When one video ends, the section that contains the next step starts blinking. This is used to visually stimulate user interaction as well as emphasize the fact that this tutorial contains three composing steps. Since the main attraction of our project is the videos and the way their editing makes them very visually stimulating, we wanted the website and user interaction to be more straightforward. We also implemented custom controls on the side to add to the overall theme of the website. 
As for the first page, we wanted to create a search-like environment to introduce the topic and so we used the “click to search” to add user interaction, and then the title of our project begins being typed out. Proceeding from that, the first part of the tutorial, or the first step for the tutorial, is shown to the user. Then the user may go to watch the second part of the tutorial or alternatively see the third one, depending on the choice of the user.  This is done to allow the user to have control over the interaction with the website, since it may be the case that the user has seen all the videos and wants to go further to see the second one again, skipping the first part of the tutorial. However, it is mindful for the user to go step by step and follow the chronological order. On top of that, the user may manipulate the video that is on the website. That said, functions of pause, play, and mute are implemented on the respective web pages for three different videos. It allows the user to control the video and play or pause and/or mute the video where needed.

### Reflection/Evaluation: 

The initial concept was definitely explored and projected on our website. The color palette that we had in mind: baby blue, bubblegum, and bright green color is followed throughout the whole website. The animation of the video utilized by AfterEffects and edited on Adobe Premier coincides with the idea of rough and almost vintage-like montage, which appeals to the audience in a certain way. The sound editing of the videos, in addition to the witty and unrealistic concept, makes the animations pop off as realistic and gives a dimension to each step of the process. Not only it alters the perception of the video, but also makes the user experience tactile as if the user was set in the exact place the tutorial proceeds. 

